Writing this in bed, had to go home because I ran out of battery in my phone and laptop, and the way I was feeling was kinda messing with me. I know that writing long things is more of a special occasion thing but can't help it, I'm a writer after all...

I'm scared of messing up all of this, call me paranoid or whatever, I'm simply incredibly scared to see the only thing I've ever managed to make properly to go down the drain because of my own stupidity; Every single thing that I've tried to make has ended up getting messed up thanks to my laziness or depression, where I throw the towel mid-way things, and it's not because it's more than I could chew at times, it's simply because I'm too scared to go out of my own comfort zone and go through complex things, added to the fact that because of this I have done absolutely nothing in life. You can see why this scares the shit out of me, it's not just my body getting ruined, it's the fear of losing the only progress I've ever had on something — something that I've been meaning to do for ages, something that actually pushes change, something that might fix life-long issues, something that could save my life — with this level of importance.

What happened a few weeks ago has been still taking a giant toll on me, although I'm mostly past things, I'm still questioning things and wondering what went wrong. I recently figured that it was most likely to be an hormone imbalance issue due to my dosage (injected 2 days late off my 15-day cycle, injected without paying much attention), which caused emotional issues and caused my sexual feelings to simply go overboard. I want to leave all of this behind, clearly not my proudest moment in our relationship and in my life, but it is important to mention this as I've noticed that my body hasn't particularly changed ever since that happened, which leads me to worry about a progestin imbalance that could have stopped things permanently.

To elaborate on this, the injections I use are not standalone estradiol like you typically see on a vial or on pills, they're combined with a progestin (like progesterone, medroxiprogesterone acetate, and in my case, algestone), this is because the injections I use are meant for birth control, not for hormone replacement therapy. This is an issue because progestins should not be used on feminising HRT (shut the fuck up Dr. Powers), specially before Tanner stage 4 as this is where breast development is ongoing and where hormone indifferences caused by progestins can cause issues (mainly milk ducts not properly developing and therefore messing up fat redistribution, creating man boobs or simply not letting fat pass through as it should, etc). There is not a lot of information available regarding this, specially in trans women, but there's been some testimonies about this and I'm certainly not interested in playing God like my endocrine system, even more knowing the beating it took a few years back.

With this information you can assume why I'm so scared about a possible imbalance, specially where there's more progestins than estrogens in my body and so on, I'm going through development stages that can't really just be messed with. Couple all of this with my own feelings about this due to my mental issues and so on, and it's pretty obvious why something as simple as not seeing my tits change in 2 weeks can scare the shit out of me. I'm basically eyeballing all of this, there's a lot of risk from all sides and I just can't afford (physically, mentally, monetarily, etc) something like this going wrong, yet this is my only change at doing something with my forsaken life and prove myself that I'm capable of actually taking onto change, you know this more than anyone, you're the one who has seen me change in real-time closer than anyone else, I Can't Mess This Up.

With that said, I love you, please have patience with me on this, it's really hard.


