Hello,

I'm Leila.

I'm not sure how to introduce myself, but I'm a 16 year old writer from Mexico City.

And before I start to say anything, I have to say I'm a middle school dropout, I live in a household built on basically trash, that I've been abused all my life by my family, that I'm struggling with a lot of mental health issues (from AuDHD to Depression, diagnosed; and possibly Schizophrenia), that I'm struggling to turn my life around, that I'm a highly suicidal person, and that I'm overall a vulnerable person. I'm saying this because of what Alyxia said about me, and I can confirm that... but that's the only true thing of everything she's said. And I would like to clear up all of those things with this letter, and show that the actual victim of abuse was me all along.

This is a letter to talk about Alyxia, or as recently known, "Noblenora", or as previously known as Lexi, or as known IRL by her initials — KT; I will use the name Alyxia during this letter for consistency.

This letter is about my story with Alyxia's abuse and mistreatment, and I hope this can be read with the utmost respect and seriousness it deserves, not only because I'm a victim of abuse, but I'm also speaking for those who cannot write their story like I'm doing for whatever reason they have. So I ask for discretion about this letter, as it's not just me here, it's all of us who were abused, specially those who can't/will not speak about this.

This letter was originally written for Alyxia's partner soon after I had broken up with her, it was meant to be a warning about her behaviour and a plead for them to help her get through these issues. Sadly as more things came out to light, alongside other victims of her abuse, I've decided to mildly rework this letter in order to be about my experience with her, so if there are issues or nonsensical holes within it, it's probably because of that. I have also been working and writing on this letter during midnight, (in fact it's 0100 as I'm typing these words out) so please pardon any grammar mistakes or any inconsistencies.

This letter also has an addendum section at the bottom of it where things that couldn't/wouldn't fit the main letter text are explained, I'm trying to write as much as I can within it in order to explain my experience with her.

---

I engaged in a relationship with Alyxia for the past 1.5 years, starting in July 23rd 2022, and ending in October 5th 2023. We had multiple issues during our relationship that lead us to separate and reconcile often, but we were still, in a way, together during the 400+ days since we started our relationship.

I write this as it's all recently come to light that Alyxia had been cheating on me, and after things cleared up, I now realise that during our relationship I had been abused by her in multiple ways. I write this to encourage other victims of Alyxia's abuse to write their own letters about the issue, for current victims to understand they're being abused by her and that they need to cut all contact with her, for community owners/managers of which Alyxia is part of to be aware of her behaviour and her danger to communities is, and for everyone else to know to know who Alyxia is behind the scenes to know to stay away from her in order to avoid her attempting to manipulate and abuse you.

With this in mind, I'd like to start by talking about Alyxia's behaviour, more specifically her abusive and manipulative behaviour.

In July 2022, we started dating, we had a good start, mostly having sexual encounters but we grew on eachother in little time and our relationship became a solid and strong one with plans for the future as our romantic feelings grew. Starting October and going to December, we had an on and off relationship in a way, as she claimed to be busy with things in her life, during this time things turned dark between the two of us as her lack of time caused a lot of communication issues between the two and she had for some reason started to be rudely towards me, constantly downplaying our relationship, making less out of identities, and insulting me with slurs. Due to this I decided to keep our relationship on standby as I knew it had started to turn toxic, during this time we had both distanced and I had been planning on moving on as I recently had found interest on another person, but my relationship with this person did not work as expected, and Alyxia seemed to be interested in me again so we reconciled and continued our relationship, and we tried to make sure we would work on our differences and she promptly apologised for how things went.

Our relationship went well during that time but issues were still there in a way, this all sadly came falling down without my knowledge, as back in February, she started dating Cain Atkinson (yellowsink) and had an abusive relationship with him, where Alyxia would constantly do things like shame him, leak private conversations, etc. Cain appropriately broke up with her, but due to the two's involvement within the development group Alyxia and Cain were part of, uwu.network (then Cumcord), Cain talked to other members of uwu.network and they decided that she would be expelled from the group and all connections to her were cut off, and announcement about her departure would be made.

During (and before, not too sure) this relationship, Alyxia had engaged in a relationship with an IRL friend of hers named "Zee", they had started a short relationship which ended because of her abusive behaviour and lack of self control. I would like to write more about this but as per request of Zee, I will not.

In April (2 months after the controversy happened), I was in the process of restoring my relationship with Alyxia due to the distancing we had a few months prior. One day Cain DMed and asked if I was still dating Alyxia due to my status and bio at the time referencing her, which to I said yes and I was explained the entire situation that happened with her, I also got to speak with Zee and uwu.network's leader, Creatable (now toonlink), and heard their side of the stories regarding all of this.

When this was all cleared up to me, I confronted Alyxia regarding this, and she shrugged me off and was avoidant of the topic, even after I forgave her and reassured her that it was all okay, as I would had liked to keep our relationship together and work towards her behaviour not happening again. She did not listen to me and I decided to be more rough on my confrontation, this resulted in a long argument that spanned around 3 days where we eventually came to a close and started dating again. However, after this argument Alyxia became more shut off, started to "lose" herself and was simply not the person I knew a few days prior. She stopped seeming optimistic about things and was avoidant of me at times.

We still started to try and work our lives together in order to improve ourselves, on her part she started working on moving on from uwu.network and the Discord client modding community, and I started to get around some stuff in my life; which eventually got me to start HRT in April 6th thanks to her encouragement.

We had a few minor on-and-off moments from that point forward, but we kept coming back together, we had multiple arguments and discussions about a lot of topics in our life. This is relevant as due to the controversy that happened with Cain and Zee, we both indirectly agreed that we would try to be honest to eachother, with the intent of best to never cheat on the other. This alongside other reassurances from eachother's part helped us grow our relationship, and we would often fight/argue about certain things due to the before mentioned hiding issue, but would come back together with the promise we'd work on our issues.

As time passed our relationship showed no signs of stopping, we still have those on-and-off moments and were prone to discussing things often, but overall things started to turn a positive, but with time went on more issues started to come up that were unexpected, starting from her removing my name from her bio, sometimes avoiding me when bringing up certain topics, her libido vanishing out of nowhere, etc. We still tried to discuss things but got nowhere after a few days, and it took me a long time to understand what this was all actually about because of her reassurance and due to the position I was in at the time both online and IRL.

One of the main issues that was typically discussed was her lack of interactivity and responsiveness, where I could go on a long mental breakdown write-up and she would just reply to me with a hugging emoji or say "I'm Sorry". I confronted her about this a few times, and also confronted her about her not talking to me as often as we used to as time went on, this, coupled by her eventual distrust grown to me ended up with constant arguments where I would question why she's not trusting me the same way I do, and so on. She would constantly reassure me she'd try to work on it, would show some progress, then give up on it after a while.

When it's all written like this, it might not seem too big of an issue, and if anything this could be interpreted as me being the aggressor as it'd look that I'm the one constantly pushing about this, but considering how often these things happened, and how she went about them, it was clear that she was simply trying to downplay these issues and try to make it up to me so I would move on and continue the cycle. And this is not something that the victim does, it's something the aggressor does, and at the time I didn't know; I was in a vulnerable situation because of the things around me, I simply felt safe around her and I was trying to look into things to do in my life to improve it, and she'd promise a lot of things. Even if my problems were justified, she would constantly try to calm me down and try to do something to make me forget about them or make me thing that they were being addressed, but we never got anywhere.

Sadly, during the last week of August, I had run myself into a mental breakdown regarding her sexual behaviour, where due to her lack of interactions or attention to the issue, I had traded lewd pictures with a friend out of desperation. 

The day after I realised what I had done, I immediately contacted Alyxia, admitted what I had done, explained what I did and why I had done it, begged her to forgive me, and attempted to reconcile this with her. She was not aware of this issue until I brought it up, and she could not have been aware of it in any way, but I took these steps on my own will not to protect myself from my mental issues, but to be honest to her like I've always done as we have both promised to do so.

I had committed a mistake, one that would seem minor to most people, but because of my trauma from the February situation, I had decided to turn myself in and acknowledge that I fucked up.

Due to this, we engaged in a break of sorts during the 28th August to the 6th of September, where I would constantly beg for her to return and accept my apology, Alyxia was not responsive during this time and was avoidant of me during the issue citing her own mental issues and blockage during the break due to recent events (Gamescon, School, etc), that while justified, really scared me as this was practically a minor issue that could have easily been fixed with the usual talking we did.

This eventually evolved into a full-blown mental breakdown for me where I would consider suicide due to losing her, as Alyxia played an important role in my life as she was quite literally the thing keeping me from killing myself, and we had multiple mental breakdowns in our relationship, with this being the closest call due to her response (or lack thereof) to the issue.

As I had started to spiral into a mental dilemma and considered suicide, I actively updated her on my mental state like I always did, and according to her, due to the before mentioned issues during her life, she could not reply to me. I was planning on taking my life on September 9th and she was well aware of this. It was only until the September 7th when we managed to wrap up this issue and I was forgiven, but the mental scar is still there and I still have major issues with cheating, starting from her behaviour in March, to what happened in September and now to this revelation I've had today.

I mention all of this due to Alyxia's lack of care of me during this situation, as she had basically appointed herself as my mental support, which would make sense considering I was her girlfriend. And at times during all of this, she would constantly downplay my suicidal behaviour and would simply reply things to me like "I can't see how well I can't do my job outside of a relationship", which is not what I had wanted as she was my girlfriend, not my counsellor.

This is an issue as I now realise that this was Alyxia's first attempts at trying to break up with me and trying to make me dependant on her on a different route, which would simply not make sense considering that we were romantic interests, so it is now clear that she was attempting to shrug me off and try to keep me in the background so I would not kill myself due to her actions.

We again reconciled but had a few scuffs during September, but during the last week of the month I had gone through a lot of issues and I started to consider breaking up with her due to multiple issues, and on October 2nd I gave her an ultimatum where I planned to break up with her due to multiple issues, starting with our abuse cycle (not named that at the time but I had a grasp of the idea and I had grown tired of it), her communication issues where at times it seemed like she would purposefully ignore my messages and would reply with empty and baseless responses, her lack of transparency and trust, her incompetence during mental breakdowns, her lack of trying to change for the better, her lack of acknowledgement from me and the possibility of cheating.

With the idea of addressing these concerns, I wanted to break the cycle we have had as I was planning on making a full blown mutual aid plan for the following months where we would try to make up to the other properly this time, but I would first need to have her chip in effort and promise me we would do this together, and if she couldn't I would simply break up with her so I could move onto pursuing professional help by my own.

We quickly went through things in text but didn't fully get to discuss things as I thought it would be better to discuss them on voice chat, this and my attraction and dependency on her made had us reconciled and went on about our day after that happened with a lot of messages "I'm Sorry" and so on. But I still wanted to address these concerns, although she constantly apologised for failing me, would try to ask for forgiveness, and admitted/mentioned to me her role helping others during our chat, there was still more to dig into detail, but with the reassurance that she would probably okay with all of this because of how fast we reconciled, I felt calm thinking that we could go over these topics calmly and appropriately in a call so we wouldn't miss anything and we would have our actual tones and feelings expressed.

I would like to bring up Alyxia's most important issue before dwelling deeper into this, as it's something I didn't quite elaborate on a preceding paragraph, it's something which she's well known for but has become an issue, this being her "role" as a counsellor for a lot of people regarding their depression and issues. She is clearly unfit to do any of this, and from her own words, it was "Draining her and killing her", so after we reconciled and I started to plan my confrontation about the before mentioned topics, I also planned on how to also discuss this role of hers and how to work on her quitting it, as she's literally saying it's killing her, and because she is in no way qualified to do any of this.

As I had done in April, I decided to confront her of these issues in a pushy yet calm manner rather than using a letter like I had done for the previous arguments, I was trying this in order to make her understand that I was not mad at her but that this behaviour had to stop and that there would simply be no return from whatever she would try to do. My concerns to address started with departing from her "role" as a counsellor and try to cut off the people who's she had been doing that to, what things we could do for me to help her with her trust issues, my worry about cheating due to/and her lack of acknowledgment of me in public, etc. All by following a plan we would craft together and execute at the same time.

If this didn't work, I had planned that I would simply move on as I was in the mental position to, and it was something I had to do in case she would not be willing to cooperate, it should have been something easy to do, but as fate would have it, another issue that's the reason why you're reading this to begin with ultimately backfired/ruined this.

In October 4th I asked her when we could voice chat and she told me that we could do it the next day during her coffee break, so I started thinking about calling her during the time she specified she would be available (18:45-20:00). Before I went to sleep, I had engaged in a discussion with Aiden/Aspy where he mentioned some things that caught me off guard and made me wonder if he knew something I didn't. Due to this, I tried to confront him and he simply ignored me, so I logically re-planned my plans for the VC, and told her "We need to talk".

Go to October 5th, I started our chatting for the day telling her to call me when she could, I had timed myself going online exactly around the time she would be available as to be able to undergo a proper voice call with her, however she did not call and after she had missed our queue to call, I interpreted this as her not wanting to do the call rather than not big available, so I simply started with a message reading "I would like to cut off contact with you", as that's what I felt to be pertinent to start the discussion and that it would get her in a spot where I could leverage myself into discussing this seriously in a similar fashion to how I did in April. She did not reply to either messages and I started to write an accusation about her "helping" people as I'd guess she's busy and would read them afterwards.

As this was happening I had talked to a long time friend of mine who I had introduced to Aspy, and who had told me some stuff about Alyxia and Aspy's recent interactions, which coupled with some messages from her and pretty obvious logic, I had realised what was actually going on.

Alyxia has a history of manipulation and abuse (her being the perpetrator, not the victim), and once I realised what was going on with Aspy, I instantly jumped to talk to her, and as she had not replied to my previous messages I decided to fire another starting message where I told her I was concerned about her, that I wanted to help her, that she was an important part of my life and that her behaviour regarding helping people had to stop, this finally got her to reply and I confronted her about the entire manipulation issue. I had originally planned to call her off on this due to the mental bargain that this had been causing to her, but once things became clear and she was also manipulating Aspy, I immediately changed plans and asked her to stop doing this not for her sake but for the sake of them.

This also made me realise that my relationship with her was outright abusive, that we would fight often, that I would do everything I could to fix things and once we did we would have a period of progress while she would quickly return to her usual behaviour.

If this sounds familiar, it's because this is, quite literally, The Cycle of Abuse.

As I started discussing with Alyxia all of this, she kept bringing up past issues and was adamant about the idea if I would have liked it better if she didn't talk me out of suicide during the August/September issue, and would act in an aggressive way towards me, saying that she didn't want anything from me, etc. As our conversation started getting more heated, she simply started to be more aggressive and being on the defensive about these issues as if they weren't anything serious, here's where I played my own card regarding her abusing me, which quickly downspiraled an argument where I would simply keep trying to fix this and ask her to get professional help.

It was starting to look more like how the April situation went, during that time I had also started to ask her to go to a therapist or a psychiatrist to seek help on her trust and communication issues.

This was also an encouragement for me, as I had recently been trying to turn things around on my own life thanks to her moral support, and I've had suspicions of having Schizophrenia for a while, which Alyxia told me to get professional help about in multiple occasions.

Considering her track record with this, and then her encouragement for me to get help, I decided that it was a good moment to start talking about options.

Sadly, Alyxia was not ready/available for a voice chat, and during the time period I was waiting on a response from her or a call from her, a small thought in my head, that I thought had basically already proven wrong, came up.

"Were you hiding me because you're dating someone else"

She said yes.

I can't really describe how I felt that moment, I started to scream, I started to cry really loudly, etc. We had built a relationship together trying to be honest to the other, trying to make something out while being 100% transparent, and also trying to avoid this issue... and just a dumb suspicion I had was proved on the spot.

I'm not sure if this will ever translate accordingly in text to anyone, and I'd guess that the person reading this doesn't really know how it feels, or how I felt it myself. But it's one of these things where if there's something that I wouldn't wish anyone to live through, it's this.

We eventually got on a VC, she was muted but would text me as it was late in the night for her, I went through some things regarding her getting help, but I kept asking her about this and what she wanted to do.

Here's where I have to say that my mental state has been in nothing but a downward spiral, and as I had mentioned, she was the only person keeping me afloat to to her giving me a space to talk to, and because of the overall affection we had with each other. It's that hope that you get from getting told "I love you" every day, and where you would constantly plan visiting the other and spend time that pushes you to go forward, and Alyxia had just done nothing but break all of that.

In that day I had lost all hope, everything I wanted in life, all my aspirations and the only thing that mattered.

And Alyxia knew this very well, she knew this could happen, she saw this happen to me multiple times, with the worst one being in September. Across all the times these breakdowns happened, I kept her updated, I kept begging her, and I kept wanting to fix things alongside her. But she didn't budge, she simply told me it was all okay and that she would work on herself.

So, my response was obvious, and I was quick to simply say that I would kill myself the next day on October 6th.

I was still interested on fixing things with her, I certainly don't want to die yet yknow, and I want to see her grow past all of this and actually get her somewhere, and I wanted to do all of this with her. As she would get help on her abuse/control/trust issues, I would get help regarding me being trans and my possible schizophrenia. I'm always the one to forgive and reach my hand out, but her confession was enough for me to backtrack my plans of fixing things and I started to plan my suicide.

During this entire argument she talked a lot about her not being able to do nothing until she would get help, which although was my intention and was a step forward for her, she insisted she could not do it with me, etc. She also talked about how after she'd finish school in May she would basically have nothing to do in life as school was the only thing holding her back so she could make her parents proud, and would simply say she'd kill herself once that's over.

She said she was in a hostage situation, but that's not really the truth. We were on this point where I realised (and I'm sure she realised it too) that, If she didn't come back to me, and tried to fix things appropriately, she would die, but the same would happen if she left me.. she would also die.

I gave her two choices, "break up with the person you're with and stay with me as we work together and maybe survive" or "break up with me and end do whatever you until you die".

I know that this sounds manipulative from my part and that it seems wrong, I wish I could have recorded the call to show my actual words. (I'm not on the best state while writing this, I'm crying as I write this and I have memory issues, so bear with me)

But it was the truth, and even she herself acknowledged it, if she didn't pick as side she would die, she knew that.

And that was where I realised we were on the same boat. If she left me, I would kill myself, and if she came back to me, even if we were together and we did things together, I (and her) could possibly die due to other reasons or maybe something caused by her if things didn't go well.

I ran out of battery while talking to her, I wanted to get things out properly and make her pick a side, encourage her that even if she picked to not be with me, that she would have to reach for help.

She went to sleep, and by the time I was back I had found myself blocked by her on Twitter, and when checking with an alt account she had changed her bio to add the username of someone else onto it.

With that I had guessed she picked the side where she's with her significant other, I told her to tell me what her official decision was so I could know what the steps to follow would be.

I'm writing this because I want to help those who were/are victims of her abuse, but even then, I'm still worried about her, I know that at this point it isn't really my business, we've parted ways and she will never come back to me. But I still want to say that I care about her.

Even though all the damage she's caused me and others, she, at least in my heart, is still a good person. That her mental issues are not allowing her to be that good person she used to be with me and with others in the past, and that if she gets the help she needs, she'll be able to succeed and make it in one piece wherever she wants to go. I believe in that. I believe in her.

She's an abusive person, yes, but she seems to be interested in getting help, and if she isn't, I know that with enough pushback from another person and/or her environment she might be interested in it. And I know she can be a good person if given the chance, she's shown that to me multiple times and it seems that after something corrupted her in April she simply started to lose it all together.

From my side of things now I'll try my best to help the victims of her abuse, and maybe attempt to reconcile with her, but currently there is not a lot I can do in my current situation. I'm writing this to warn everyone about her, but also to make her aware that those who she hurts can also push back, and that I'm pushing back because I want to see her grow.

---

I would like to add this part for me to add extra text (an addendum) that I could not fit within the main text due to it's complexity, timing constraints and requirement to have read the entire text to understand them; the latter being addressed by this being at the bottom of the letter.

"---" markers divide the main text of the letter, "+++" markers divide text considered an addendum, and "***" markers divide subtext within an addendum.

+++

I would first like to start with Alyxia's role helping me mentally, as I have said, she took that role by de-facto under my eyes due to being my girlfriend. Due to my situation that I've already described, she was the only person I would talk to for most of the time, I would only have Discord with her chat open for the most part of the day while I worked on something else. I say this as Alyxia knew about this over-dependence I had with her caused by my social issues and vulnerability, she was the only person I would trust all my problems with and she's the person who knows the most about my personal life.

Due to this, the idea of me coming to her during mental breakdowns was an obvious thing, I didn't have anywhere to go, and I didn't trust anyone else. So all the things I've said regarding killing myself, whether I did it casually or threatened for it, was something considered normal during our relationship, and I had actually confronted Alyxia about it multiple times as I did not feel comfortable with her before mentioned issues, which did not allow me to actually get the insight and help I required during these periods. I started to try and seek ways to cope and help with my mental issues but she did not help me during that even f it would have been beneficial to our well-being.

*** 

I had found a new coping method, and it was using my dreams.

I know this sounds absurd, but if you think about it profoundly, you'll understand why I did this, and why this was actually a bigger issue.

I, ever since we started dating, would hug a pillow to go to sleep, as it calmed me because I could think that it was her chest or her arm, and that would make me feel safe. Pillows were in a way an integral part of our relationship, they helped me be able to stand the loneliness of not being with her by offering some sort of physical contact. This is something normal to most people, but in our relationship pillows have became an essential item, I had issues sleeping when I didn't have a spare pillow to wrap my arms around, I would have issues during breakdowns when I was not at home as my go-to-method to calm down was to hug my pillow and think about her, and so on. This eventually grew a small joke where I would jokingly call my pillow "Älyxia" or when talking to her, "yöu". Seems innocent enough until you realise how much I had become attached to her because of this, and why my pillow, which started as an instrument to help me think about her and feel safe when going to sleep, soon became a coping method; this became an issue the moment I had started to explore past the idea of the pillow and into my own thoughts, where I had been able to perfectly recreate Alyxia in my head and in my dreams solely from pictures and interactions I've had with her, as time went on this idea of Alyxia became more corrupted and started to strive away from the actual Alyxia I knew. I liked thinking of our future together, and with that came the obvious change in our appearances and so on, and I was able to think of an older and more feminine version of Alyxia. When this clashed with my coping method I had essentially created two Alyxias, one who I knew from my dreams and breakdowns where I try to shelter myself in a space that allowed me to feel safe and have control over things, and living-and-breathing one who instead of having shoulder-length blue hair simply had short blonde hair.

This became an large issue as I had basically completely separated the two Alyxias, but I would still associate them, with the idea that the things I'd do with the Alyxia from my dreams would eventually reflect with the Alyxia from real life. But as time went on and Alyxia's behaviour turned more aggressive, my personal situation started to deteriorate, and I was simply unable to find any other coping methods, I had started to purposefully go to bed and cuddle with my pillow thinking about that fake Alyxia to try to calm me down, this lead me to become bedbound for most of the rest of the day, as I was simply not comfortable going back to the real world and I preferred to isolate myself within my inner world where instead of having to fight with my parents so I could eat something, I could cook complete meal with her and imagine myself eating it with her.

I brought this issue to Alyxia's attention, as although helpful for my mental stability, it was obviously not the right choice and it would only end up hurting me on the long run because of high expectations. Alyxia simply shrugged the issue off and actually complemented it, telling me it was cute and that she'd like me to do it more. And as I simply couldn't do much past that point, and I had gotten approval from her, this only continued until the end of our relationship, where I would find myself waking up at 6am and crying against my pillow thinking about an imaginary future for 4 hours before waking up. This was an issue I knew would happen and that I wanted to avoid, but Alyxia instead decided to enable it and encourage it. 

I'm still struggling trying to get her out of my head, it's been a hard process to go through, and I'm simply not happy to go to bed anymore because of those plaguing thoughts. I've just thought that I'd call that perception of her something else and try to think of it as a different person, but I simply can't, I still relate that idea to her not only because of it's appearance but because of how many thoughts I had with it, and now I'm afraid of going to sleep any more because of the fear of dreaming about her. What was once pleasant became quite literally my biggest nightmare.

After I've said this, you'll probably simply say that it was my fault, that it all happened because of my lack of self control, and you would be right. But there is the point that this issue wouldn't have scaled as far as it had gotten if Alyxia had worked on her interactions with me, acting and helping me with my concerns, and other forms of support in order to keep me outside for longer.

I fucked up, but I did it for her.

***

***

Alyxia would often play with this topic, and now I realise that she would play with it to see what would be my limits.

I now suspect that the reason why she took so long to act during the August-September issue was because she was trying to find what would be my line to actually kill myself, she was trying to gather information to see how she could manipulate me as she would know what would be my limit before I would stop sending concerning messages and I would actually go do it. It might not have been her intention, but considering how often this happened, how she'd leave me alone for a day or two sinking in my own fear at times, would shrug off all my problems to see how bad they could get (probably part of her lack of care about our relationship, but still suspecting it), etc.

She knew she had power over me, a lot, and she was experimenting and trying what were my limits in order to find the most optimal ways to manipulate me and hurt me while keeping me alive and end up continuing the abuse cycle as she knew I'd always come back to her.

***

She did attempt to help me at times, and I do appreciate it, but there was simply so much room for improvement that she could have worked with, towards and for.

In a same vein, she would constantly say things like that she'd like to be there for me more, and that she wished there was a way for her to be there for me. Which I appreciated, except for the fact we had gone through this multiple times through, with it starting in May if I'm not wrong, and when I have her options and/or asked her about options, she simply didn't say anything.

+++

+++

I daydream a lot, with the preceding addendum you can probably see why this became a viable option for me, but how toxic and counterproductive it turned after a while, as I had lost notion on my girlfriend and had expected more from her.

+++

This is all I have for now, I'll probably keep updating this letter but the basics and essentials have been laid out for someone to take inspiration out of it and write their experience like I did.

With this said,

Thank you for reading.

- leila
