Hey,

It's been a while hasn't it. I'm writing this from that place I used to write all our letters in, and it's still as messy as it always was; I should probably clean this place up.

I guess that reading something like this coming from me isn't the most pleasing thing out there, and I get it. The way we ended things, the way things went down, etc. In a way it seems cynical that I'm even writing this to begin with, and even more to think that I'll send it to you, but I guess that's how it is sometimes.

I write this because I want to give closure to what we had for once and for all, even if you don't get to even read this. I want to leave all those thoughts and feelings I still have out, and I hope you understand that.

I know that after all that happened, you'll see me as a monster or a bad person who's done nothing but ruin you, and I understand that, trust me that I also see myself as that and that I hate myself for that. I'm filled with so much guilt and dread from this ordeal, and I want to say sorry. I'm sorry for what I did and what I'm currently doing.

First I'd like to talk a bit about the ordeal that happened during the span of this month, and I'd like to apologise for it.

I'm guessing that you'll read this by when the document I'm working on gets released publicly, and I am sorry for just everything that's gonna go down when that happens. I think you know that these kinds of things are not really my edge and that they're double edge swords that also cuts me deep. And I want to say I'm really, really, really sorry.

I won't plague this with excuses for my actions, all I can say is that I had to do what had to be done to stop you, nothing else. I don't take any of this with pride, this is not one of those "woah i defeated the giant" things where I can celebrate your defeat, it's just a terrible deal that only leaves both sides in misery.

I hope you understand that I never wanted to hurt you, everything that was done during this entire situation was something I did trying to help those you and those that you hurt/are hurting. All the actions and measures I took to do this were part of a scheme that I'm simply not proud of and that I wish didn't have to go like this. I think you're well aware that I would never try to hurt anyone on purpose unless it was to help others, that I'm simply unable to even take a butter knife to protect myself or step on a spider to kill it. Hurting others is against my nature and the fact that I had to do it to you is something that I hold with so much guilt and shame.

As necessary and correct that my actions were, I wish that there had been another way to help you and the others, you don't know what I would have done or given to get another option that didn't have to end with me basically beating you down to your knees with a bat like a dead horse, I didn't want to do this but I felt I had to, and this is where we're now.

Sometimes I can't sleep thinking about all of this, and well not much that can be done for that can it? I guess I kinda deserved it. I went into this knowing the risks, I took them and now I'm suffering from the weight of my guilt on my back, feeling that I have nothing but blood on my hands and battle scars all over my body. Reminds me a lot of Dr. Oppenheimer.

And I'm guessing that I'm gonna be the only one being able to run with no real-world consequences. The only thing I carry from all of this is that guilt and shame that kill me at night, nothing else. No punishment for anything, I guess the closest thing that I got was Luna telling me to starve when I told her I hadn't eaten in 4 days because I was so invested in trying to fix things, or breaking my friendship with Aiden. Which aren't things that really change my life or anything, just weird losses and tales that don't affect me. At the end I think I already got my biggest punishment by losing you but I guess that's part of another issue yknow.

All I can say now is that I'm sorry, I wish things that things didn't go like this, I wish that there had been another option to help you and others, and that I'm truly sorry for everything that went down. I hope you can forgive me for that.

Now that's out of the way I want to give closure to just all the things that happened during that first week of the month.

I guess that if you've read letter.txt or *the document*, you'll understand what I was trying to do during that period, so I'll just elaborate and explain things thoroughly.

I wasn't doing well mentally when trying to go through things and I wanted to try to pull this out as my last attempt at seeing if I could properly stabilise myself with you by my side.

There were a lot of things to consider regarding how I was doing when I tried to do all of that.

Starting with my mental issues from the past 2 months (from the cheating thing [hah how the turntables have turned], to our attempts at being sexual again, to my first full on panic attack, etc), then what happened with my mum was something that had been tearing me down a lot, then what happened with Alex basically calling me an attention-seeker and disregarding my sexual harassment report, then just a lot of weird thoughts I had regarding abusive behaviour from you, a job opportunity I tried to take on turning out to be a scam, and finally the Aiden situation.

Just a lot to process and think about, which wanted me to actually try and see if I could try to 180 basically everything so I could maybe make it.

My plan with all of this was to intentionally attempt to put you on a serious state where we'd thoroughly discuss what we had to fix in our relationship, what I had to fix in my personal life and what you had to fix in your personal life. I wanted to start building out a plan with you so we could follow it at the same time, holding hands and matching our footsteps to reach a better place individually for us to progress.

Sadly, as you now know, and as now I know what was actually going on in your side, it never happened and I was basically thrown off all the work I put into trying to kickstart this idea with you, starting on the 3rd of October and ending on the 5th of October.

I still feel lost and I'm still trying to pick back up the pieces of what my plans were as I'm trying to run through them on my own, it's hard to try to do them since I planned that I would have done them right besides you, trying to form a chain of well-being where if you'd do something like get professional help with your issues, I'd do the same; and where if I started cooking again, you'd try to do the same and we'd share recipes and so on. I wanted to do this dance with you and it's hard to do it on my own or even with someone else, it's distracting and confusing; I still wish you were here so we could do it together but I don't think I'd even be able to do it with you after everything's that come out.

I wanted things to work, I really really wanted them to. And now that I know the truth of who you are and what you were doing, it hurts to think I did all of this in vein. I still look at my attempts with a sort of sweet-sour feeling, I'm proud of my attempts and that I wanted to actually fix things, but it's sour to think that while I poured my soul and heart into them, you never really cared about what I was doing and instead were simply dating and hurting others with the same tactics.

It hurts, but that's now the past I guess, and we should both move on from that. At the end we learn from our mistakes, so let this be our lesson for the us from the future to learn and strive from.

And that's where I am now, moving on and trying to pick back up the pieces.

I'm not too sure how I wanted to actually write all of this, in the end I'm writing this separate from the document that this letter is supposed to be released with, and that document isn't really finished by any means, but I guess I'll now just give an update on how things are going.

I've already written about my feelings on what we went through together as a couple and then what we went through separately during this ordeal, and now that's all out, I'd like to tell you how I'm handing my side now. It feels kinda selfish to do this but I hope I can motivate you to keep going, I know you're able to get far if you put some effort on yourself.

As you may know, if it isn't so obvious already or if Aiden hasn't been whining about it all day. I've started a relationship with Maisy on October 10th.

Can't really say much on that regard, mainly because of our safety and since there's not much to talk about, you know how I am and you know how she is, and yeah things are going well.

Together we're trying to get past a lot of things, Maisy and I originally started interacting because of this entire situation as I needed her help to push out warning.txt (proto letter.txt), and we eventually discussed more of what was actually going on with you, then basically told her and let her read my entire life, and we got together after some time.

We're currently still trying to settle onto each other, things are still a bit rough but we have good feelings about what we can do. We're currently in a planning stage of sorts to make something similar to what I wanted to do with you regarding mutual help, and we're doing well.

I'm currently making a full plan on how I'm gonna go ahead and fix my life, I guess I haven't realised how much I had until I had lost most of it, but now that I have nothing, I can play a lot of gambles and see where I can get with nothing but a penny and a stick of gum.

As I've told you a few times, there's a specialised clinic for trans people here that offers a lot of services, and I'm currently researching my possibilities with this beyond regularising my HRT situation to get a proper GD diagnosis and medication fit for it.

And as you know, I have a lot of suspicions of me being schizophrenic, and after some research I've landed on the possibility of me having StPD (Schizotypal Personality Disorder), and as the clinic also offers psychiatric services I plan to explore my options regarding this as I would like to get help regarding this.

I want to get professional help regarding my dysphoria, my depression, my AuDHD, my possible StPD, and my overall physical and mental health. And I'm happy to say that I'm actively trying to get it.

This clinic also offers aid with the entire name-gender change procedure, so I have hopes that I'll soon be able to legally change my name and gender.

I'm also trying to get my entire education situation fixed, I'm currently cracking opening those brown boxes that I showed you and getting to read and answer the textbooks inside them. I'll get in touch with my best friend who helped me get enrolled into this so I can do my first exam within the next 2 weeks.

Things with my mum are still a bit rough, they've fixed themselves a bit but they've also gotten worse. I'm planning on writing a formal letter to her explaining everything I've been going through and come out to her properly, making her aware of my intentions regarding my life and that I need her help to get help from that clinic and do all the legal procedures to get me the help I need; and also changing my name. She's basically the gatekeeper for all my plans forward, and as you and Maisy put her, she's a double-sided pain in the ass, but I'll make sure to venture out and get this done right.

As far as things my dad goes, jolly old fat dude is just doing his own thing like always. We've certainly distanced because of all the issues in my side (mainly this situation) not giving me lots of time to talk to him, and there's not much I can do with him now. I still care about him but not so sure where to from now on since I'm trying to basically 180 my entire life.

And to finish this off, I've been thinking about my options on how to get a job. That opportunity I tried to take turned out to be a scam to get children to sell shit like overpriced lollipops on the street, and the other opportunity that I was interested in fell through as I had to drop everything I was doing because of this ordeal. I'm currently looking at simple regular jobs around here, from being a store clerk to being a waiter, anything goes really, as long as I get money to start saving up so I can get out of here I'm good to go.

I recently kickstarted again the idea of me becoming an IT consultant, started this pseudoname/company called Northern and I'm looking on how I can offer simple IT services like CCTV management/repairs or workstation repairs and deployment around the Mexico City area. It's really simple and can't do much since I don't know much about that field, but I still try to keep myself optimistic of what I can do with the little I have, and see if I can get somewhere.

I'm still looking for a normal job but if this gamble hooks onto something, I'll reel it and run with it.

That's all for how I'm doing now as of the 26th of October, there's probably more I could write about but that's all I can say about my life right now, at the end you're pretty much an outsider now and I just want to let you know that even after all I'm still trying to pick myself up and keep going. I hope you can do the same.

I'm sorry for what I did, I don't like saying "it had to be done there was no other choice" but that's how it was and I still feel guilty about it. I hope you can forgive me for that and try to pick yourself back up like I did myself.

Since this note is being written about a week before I plan to release the document (reminder it's not even mid-way through as I write this hah), I'll try to keep this letter open for now and add new developments as an addendum/update section.

I hope that we meet again one day, you're still a special person to me and I still care about you. I don't think we could ever go back to how things were (specially now that I have a girlfriend yknow) but I wish we still remained friends. I know that I used to say that I'd never talk to you again after we departed but I'd like to take that back. I want to see you progress and I want to help you on what I can.

I still care about you, and although not really in the sense or with the strength that I used to say it, I still love you.

Take care Aly.

(PS. I use the word "ordeal" for a reason, I think you know what I mean. Spread your wings and fly.)

---

2023/10/26 - 204? / 2245